<h1 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #008080;">Chloe Henry</span></h1>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><span style="color: #008080;">Chloe Lauren Henry</span></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;">. s3791766</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">.&nbsp;<a href="mailto:s3791766@student.rmit.edu.au">s3791766@student.rmit.edu.au</a>&nbsp;,&nbsp;<a href="mailto:ahswinters@outlook.com">ahswinters@outlook.com</a></p>
<p style="text-align: center;">. Background info includes: Australian (predominantly English/German background), Education to date includes Berwick Fields Primary School 2006-2012, Kambrya College 2013-2018, RMIT 2019 - ?</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">I am an avid gamer and enjoy watching anime, as well as reading manga in my spare time.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">Languages spoken: English, Basic German.</p>
<p>I am an avid gamer and enjoy watching anime, as well as reading manga in my spare time.</p>
<p>La<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #008080;"><em><strong>Interest in IT?</strong></em></span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;">My interest in IT began relatively late into my last year of high-school, due to changing friendship groups I became surrounded with people who had a passion for IT and gaming, which influenced my own passion for IT through constant exposure to it, and a fascination for how the internet, hardware, and software all works together in order to perform certain functions. In year 12, many of my friends were taking IT electives at school whilst I had predominately humanity-based subjects, a choice which I grew to regret later on into my last year of schooling, as my friends would talk about setting up their own websites and creating their own codes using java, python, etc. Whilst I didn&rsquo;t understand any of it, I was eager to learn and build upon the little IT knowledge I had gained from listening to my friends discuss their technology electives. That is why I chose to enroll in Bachelor of Technology (computing studies); in order to build upon my knowledge of Information Technology.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #008080;"><em><strong>Why did you chose to come to RMIT?</strong></em></span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;">I chose to come to RMIT as I had heard many positive things about the University (both online and from friends), and attended one of the orientation days in early 2018. I was impressed with the buildings on campus and the sense of community that RMIT appears to have. RMIT also offered an IT course which did not require units 3&amp;4 of any math, as I dropped general math at the end of year 11 due to my pure dislike of the subject; I limited the amount of courses I could apply for unfortunately. The RMIT campus is also a in a convenient spot, making it easier for me to travel back and forth from university multiple times per week. However, I believe I&rsquo;ve made the best choice in attending RMIT University.
 <p style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #008080;"><strong>What do you expect to learn during your studies?</strong></span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;I expect to learn how to manage my time more effectively and work on assignments without leaving them to the last minute to complete. I have found that University is about managing your own time and schedule without relying on constant reminders from teachers/lecturers; which is something that I will learn to achieve during the duration of my course. In terms of the course itself, I expect to learn about how IT both benefits and hinders the progress of humanity through ever-evolving technology, as well as how technology teaches us about ourselves through the data it collects (such as Facebook surveys, personalized ads, etc.). In my other classes, I expect to learn how to create code that allows the user to input information and receive a response depending upon the text they entered, such as a chat-bot. In another course, User-centered design, I expect to learn how to take the usability of technology into account when creating a certain product for the public to use, in order to make the technology as user-friendly and enjoyable to use as possible.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #008080;"><strong>Ideal Job: </strong></span><em>Senior UX Designer</em></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><em><a href="https://www.riotgames.com/en/work-with-us/job/10663">https://www.riotgames.com/en/work-with-us/job/10663</a> </em></p>
<p style="text-align: center;">This job advertisement is for a Senior UX Designer to work at RIOT games, the company that created League of Legends (a hugely popular MOBA game), in Los Angeles, CA. The role of a Senior UX Designer is to modify elements of the game in order to improve usability for the user. It involves working with other UX designers to plan and create new aspects of the game that are easy to learn/understand, are memorable, pleasing to use for the user, and maintain a certain level of creativity and quality that ties in with existing elements of the game. A senior UX designer is in charge of monitoring and collaborating with teams to create the best user experience possible for players of League of Legends, and is continuously thinking about how player&rsquo;s experiences can be improved through the creation of journey maps, flows and prototypes. A Senior UX designer must have plenty of experience working in order to improve usability of applications/technologies, hence it is not a job that can be obtained straight after graduating from University. What makes this position appealing to me is the opportunity to work with a massive game and improve player&rsquo;s usability, as I play League of Legends, I have identified many small aspects of the game that could be improved in terms of usability throughout my time as a player.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">In order to be a Senior UX Designer, the individual is required to have years of previous experience working in UX design prior to applying, an ability to think creatively and &ldquo;out of the box&rdquo;, be able to lead teams and cooperate with fellow UX designers in order to reach a desired outcome, be familiar with using Adobe Creative Suite, and Prototyping software such as Adobe XD, Invision, Axure, etc. In order for an applicant to be considered for this job, they must submit a portfolio showcasing their ability to improve and/or create technology that improves ease of usability for the consumer (prototypes, sketches, designs, etc.). For this particular senior position at RIOT, it can be expected that the applicant must obtain or already have knowledge of the game and how it operates.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">In terms of the qualifications and experience I already have, the amount is incredibly limited. Whilst I have extensive knowledge of the game and how it functions, I know very little about UX design and how to use prototyping software. I can create basic codes using java, attempt to design technology that will improve usability, and sketch ideas for these. However, I do not nearly have enough qualifications and experience to apply for this particular role.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">My plan in order to obtain the qualifications for this role is to complete my Bachelor&rsquo;s Degree of Technology, focusing on choosing electives that relate to User Experience designing and technology in general, also picking up an art elective or two to further enhance my designing capabilities. If not taught in one of my classes, I will teach myself how to use Adobe Creative Suite and prototyping software in order to design any ideas I come up with to improve consumer&rsquo;s usability of a certain object/technology/program. Once graduating from my Bachelor&rsquo;s degree, I will attempt to find a job relating to UX design in order to gain experience in the field, building a portfolio of work before applying for any senior UX designer positions. Whilst obtaining a position to work at RIOT games would be incredibly difficult, I will continue to play League of Legends to further enhance my understanding of the game should I ever apply for a job to work in UX design at that particular company.</p>
